boys going on guys and welcome back to
the second player review of the day if
you guys miss my first one from earlier
it was an in-form mnek play a review the
destroyer of dreams make sure you
checked out if you missed it so we're
gonna be looking at inform Griezmann
before I begin the review if you guys
are looking for a cheap and reliable
place to get you can check out battle on
the link will be in the description and
use the code eat on you to get bugs
enough if you're looking for PSN cards
microsoft points check out due to a dead
link will also be in the description and
use the code eat on you for a little
discount inform Griezmann has been
converted to a striker and is he any
good in that role that's what we're
gonna find out now I only try them as a
striker so my whole opinion is gonna be
based on him playing that role so he has
good pace had no problems with that t as
you guys can see he's fast enough he was
a winger before but he's still fast
enough for a striker Oh in my opinion
awesome agility is what this helped me
out so much and all my days that forced
our skills you will see me easily skill
imposter fenders and the spin just
really helps you are in that striker on
that's why four-star skills is very
important in this game and it really
helps him of this pace and his awesome
agility it really makes it so easy to to
dribble past defenders as well you'll
see he has really good drubbing
attributes and at the same time you will
see me just get in dribbling and passing
the system my strikers combine all of
them and pretty much that is what you
get from Griezmann finishing in the
penalty area was pretty awesome as well
you easily finish everything in the
party area remember that this guy is
left with and he has three star weak
foot but you'll see me finish a couple
of them with his right foot so had no
problems with his right foot his weak
foot is good enough for me and overall
he was a really awesome striker now
positioning why's this guy has 91
positioning always was in position for
me so for a winger that has been
converted to a striker this guy was
pretty damn surprising now he is not
perfect shooting with him is really
because his shorty shop how isn't it
isn't the greatest and at the same time
long shots was pretty bad
I think his long shots that is like
somewhere in the 70 I think it was like
70 or 71 so pretty damn and let's
just say the only way you're going to
school with him issuing in the penalty
area now from long distance I think
finesse shots are the only option with
Griezmann if you want to score from long
distance because he has some pretty
awesome finish shots but do not bother
shooting outside the penalty area with
this guy because I found it pretty bad
now he also is very weak and this is one
of the things I found very annoying
about him so let me just tell you as
soon as the defender touches you you are
gonna be dispossessed on the rare
occasion you're gonna have to be very
lucky to still have the ball which you
will see in a couple of clips but it is
very rare for it to happen most of the
time you're going to get dispossessed
very very easily and I'm gonna have to
say if you rely too much on pace you're
not gonna like this guy you can have to
be good at dribbling and skilling to
actually appreciate Griezmann as a
striker so hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did i'd really appreciate
like make sure you let me know in the
comment section below who would you like
me to review next if you have tried out
Griezmann the inform let me know your
thoughts on him in the comments section
below he gets an eight point nine out of
ten